[docs] Add documentation for the column menu (#815)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/columns/columns.md

For more advanced header configuration, go to the [rendering section](/components/data-grid/rendering/#header-cell).

> ## Column menu

Reviewer: What do you think about documenting it just after `## Custom column types`? It doesn't seem that this section is important enough to be high in the document.

In the future, we will likely document how to customize the menu, e.g. add items.

Author: Sure, I put it there because of the alphabetical order, I'll move it ;)

> By default, for each column header a column menu is shown that allows filters to be set in the context of the target column. To disable it set the prop `disableColumnMenu={true}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, each column header displays a column menu. The column menu allows actions to be performed in the context of the target column, e.g. filtering. To disable it set the prop `disableColumnMenu={true}`.
```

Author: Ok I was thinking about how to structure it because all but one function of the column menu is related to filtering but `actions` sounds more appropriate.

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/columns/ColumnMenuGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

> 
> For more advanced filtering configuration, go to the [filtering section](/components/data-grid/filtering/#basic-filter).

Reviewer: I don't think that we should focus on any specific feature of the column menu.

```suggestion
```

Author: I had my doughts about this but I saw that there is a similar reference in one of the other sections.
